hi this Bob with Gibbs RT and today
we're looking at a 2009 17 v CB that's
Center Bath Bigfoot travel trailer this
is one of the last ones produced the
classic two-piece design they're built
similar to a hot tub or a boat where you
have a top shelf a bottom shell and that
seam you see across the center that's
the only seam on this RV there's nowhere
for it to leak tremendous R factor keeps
the heat in no matter what the
temperature is outside you even have a
fiberglass rot guard across the front
window on gas struts so you don't have
to meddle with those clumsy tighteners
to lift it out front box is fiberglass
as well you have two propane tanks and
your battery all enclosed up in the
front diamond shield up here as well to
protect unwrapped chips on the side
we've got a couple compartment doors
radio entry entry door it's got the gas
strut up there as well so you don't have
to tumble with the latch to keep it open
here's the front compartment you can see
look at how thick the doors are inch
thick that's just to give you an idea of
the the insulation value on this trailer
another compartment door here in the
back once again inch thick and it's a
great place for camping gear or even
some of the accessories for your trailer
it's got the Continental rear tire kit
big rear window ground roof even though
you don't really need it with a
fiberglass camper like this and rear
bumper for sewer tube storage two step
entry steps and there's the model it's
the 25 B 175 let's take a look at the
inside this will have a front bed
configuration as you can see it's got
privacy night day night shades
throughout solid hardwood cabinets also
on spring loaded struts fantastic fan
and carpeted ceiling something kind of a
trademark you'll find in luxury RV am/fm
CD stereo spotlights for reading it
looks like it probably had a TV at one
time here probably one of those
articulating arm mounts but someone is
kept out somewhere down the road inside
here we got the owner's booklet we also
have the specs on the trailer here looks
like unloaded via
go wait 34 74 that's three thousand four
hundred and seventy four pounds the
kitchen is kind of an original setup
they have a around sake and look at for
grain your dishes it's got the drying
rack it's right inside there as well as
a cutting board cover out of wood the
stove it's a two burner and it also acts
as a splash screen to keep any of your
cooking from getting on the upholstery
here double dinette this will go down to
a bed as well there's that big window we
saw from the outside it also has these
aluminum venetian shades more cabinetry
across the back and a big Sun roof on
the roof here which could be Dana as
well also works as an escape hatch you
got the tin table or dimmable I should
say mood lights microwave oven plenty of
room for things see the dovetails right
there very high quality cabinetry plenty
of room for all your dishes and cutlery
all hardwood on the bottom the
refrigerator is a Dometic and kind of a
unique design different color the
bathroom CB stands for center bath let's
take a look inside here this is what you
call a wet bath it's like a shower that
contains the sink and toilet also has a
stool in here vanity mirror and course
the power exhaust meant on the roof to
vent out any steam do you have a shower
in the front they are rare this trailer
will last and last forever I'll probably
outlast me for generations to come
it's a Bigfoot 2009 right here it gives
RV in Coos Bay one eight hundred eight
two four four three eight eight remember
we do take trades we can finance we can
even help with delivery wherever you
might live so give us a call today
Gibbs RV Goose Bay